SNOW-2099580: fix Snowpark does not return a dataframe if default argument for called sp not given in session.call (#3365)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

- Improved the error message of the XML reader when the specified row tag is not found in the file.
- Improved query generation for `Dataframe.drop` to use `SELECT * EXCLUDE ()` to exclude the dropped columns. To enable this feature, set `session.conf.set("use_simplified_query_generation", True)`.
- Added support for `VariantType` to `StructType.from_json`

> - Added support for parameter `is_return_table` in `Session.call`, which control if a dataframe is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for parameter `is_return_table` in `Session.call`, which can be used to set the return type of the functions a `DataFrame` object.
```
